hi guys what's going on so I'm coming to
you all today to let you know that I
will be hosting a weight loss challenge
on Facebook starting next Monday but
before I get into all the details of
that challenge I have to do this
shameless plug hence i'm rocking a shirt
and everything so I'm sure you guys can
dance what I'm coming to talk to you all
about please make sure you go out and
cast your vote for the elections on
november six and i don't come to you
guys to ask for much but it's so
important that you voice your opinion
and your vote will count and it does
matter i know people think that my one
little vote won't make a difference and
trust me it can make a difference i even
said that when it comes to weight loss
like i'm not going to make no difference
I you know I'm just trying to lose
weight and I get messages every single
day from people telling me that I have
impacted their lives or you know gave
them the courage to start their weight
loss journey so never shortchange
yourself you can make a difference so
please go out and vote i will post a
link below for those people who want to
know if they are registered to vote and
where you can cast your votes i will
post that in the description box below
and for people who want to you know
avoid the lines and you don't want to be
in the long lines during election day
you can cast your vote early hints
that's what I did because I will be
working at my local Democratic office on
the election day so go ahead and cast
your votes early so enough of the
shameless plugs now on to the challenge
it will just be held on facebook so i do
apologize for those in advance who do
not have a facebook and will not be able
to participate in this challenge but
there will be another challenge i will
host one on youtube but as of right now
that won't take up so much of my time
and I don't have the extra time to
devote to hosting a YouTube challenge so
I decided to compromise and do a small
one on facebook and then I will do
another one
later with miska Monica so I'll give you
guys the details of the YouTube
challenge later but now we're going to
focus on the one that's going to help
keep us motivated over the holidays and
it will start November fifth and it will
run until December 31st and within those
weeks there will be weekly mini
challenges and i will pick every week a
winner that is a holiday Biggest Loser
what this is it's the person who not
only lose weight but motivate other
people encourage other people and also
post their workouts on food recipes
pictures of what they ate workout videos
the person who's very active in the
group so of course if you always active
every week you can be the holiday
Biggest Loser every week but hopefully
people going to try to take your spot
and on there would be eight winners
every week and this is a great way to
keep us all motivated and there will be
themes every week as well so i will post
the link to the group below and don't
worry if you don't get accepted right
away because i'm still putting the
challenge together but what i need from
you guys to enter into this challenge is
that you let me know where you come in
from suggest like hey diva i am entering
the holiday weight loss challenge and
please let me know if you're doing any
type of workout program for example i'm
doing turbo fire and i want to put
people and events as doing the same
workout program so they can help
motivate each other as well so just let
me know if you're doing a workout
program so i can put you an event with
like people now the rules for this
challenge is pretty simple and very
basic because i'm not trying to make it
too difficult because it will just be
held on facebook now video responses are
recommended but not required so if you
want to make your introduction on
November fifth just make sure you stay
in a message I'll introduce yourself who
are you how much do you weigh if you
want to give me your measurements your
body fat what are your weight loss goals
for this challenge and that's all you
have to write in the message or you can
put in a video response now I know I
left out my international people last
time and that was because we had company
sponsoring the contest so this time
we're going to be winging it on our own
so you guys are going to be definitely
eligible to enter into this challenge
and also if you are under the age of 18
please get your parents consent to be a
part of the weight-loss group so if you
want to donate any type of gift cards or
prizes for our weekly Biggest Loser
winners just email me or message me and
let me know what you want to donate or
if you want to be a anonymous donor I do
have a p.o box so you can send it to my
p.o box but just send a message with
that prize to let me know hey this is
for the holiday weight loss challenge
because I don't want to think it's for
me and I just go shopping and spending
so hopefully everybody are interested in
joining this challenge let's help keep
each other motivated and i will post a
link below again if you don't get
accepted right away don't worry i will
definitely have everyone in the group by
November fifth and I will talk with you
guys later bye guys